# Agenda:
### Step 1: Project Ideas!
Figure out project Idea
Figure out Team name
Finialize Language

## **Finalize a Project Ideas**
There was many projects to choose from:
1. Food Finder/Review app
2. Inventory Tracker
3. Mini Market place
4. Tinder
5. CS Employment site
6. Gambling 
Team settled on CS Employment site. For voting we are able to pick any amount of options.

## **Finalize a Project Name**
Initially we started with
1. WIP
2. Natural Intelligence
But since we just finialized our project idea the team wanted a stronger name. We held a break for 10 mins and came back with these names.
3. English majors 
4. Make Aurora Great Again 
5. Job Seekers
6. CS jobos
7. Empluzz 
8. Marco & Friends
9. Mar & Co.
10. TBE 
11. To Be Employed is good🇱 
Mar & Co. Ended up winning the Naming competition. Even though it had nothing to do with our project it was really funny.

## **Finalize Languages for Backend and Database**
Initially, team was hesistent to pick a language for the backend, but after listing c#, python and javascript, C# was the clear winner. Ty also chose to use MySql for the database

## Goals Generated:
1. IMPORTANT: place feature ideas in project ideas
1. front-end team should plan out the design layout
2. Database team should think about how to organize the data 
3. back-end team should think about how to  scrape data from the websites
4. Start looking into github actions
5. complete git branch tutorial if not done already

## Agenda for next meeting:
1. Rank Feature ideas that are in project ideas