# Agenda:
### Step 2: Feature Ideas!
Figure out some features
Pick out user stories

## **Figure out some features**
Before the meeting started we only had two of features: A Searchable list of jobs and reviews for the company. Even after the meeting started the team struggled to find a direction for the project that will give us easy feature ideas. Karin wanted to go in a more data focused way that showed job analytics, Christain wanted to focus on the "tinder" functionality of finding jobs, and Marco wanted to go in a more career development direction based on research. There was also some discussion by implementing a chat functionality by Luke where recruiters can find developers.

In the end this is the list of features we came up with:
1. Application management (Easy) -- 
Saving posts, marking them applied, add personal notes
Required: Fake data, and struct that stores extra info

2. Generic word detection: (Easy) --
detects weak words in a sentence
Required: data full of generic words, just scans a list with a list

3. Company reviews: (Easy)
keep company reviews (need to find data online)
Required: can start with stub data but this is pretty detached from all other functionality

4. Search jobs: (Medium) --
find jobs based on filters, job title, location
intern and searching
Required: need to know what data we are working with, need to already start scraping

5. Sentence power quiz: (Medium) --
given two sentences: "I created a RPG game over the summer" vs "I developed an RPG game in Unreal engine that has 25 concurrent players"
and you have to choose the stronger sentence
Required: need a lot of data, we can prob get chatgpt to create it

6. Action Sentence designer: (Medium) --
Input (skill, context, outcome) Template:{action word} {context} using {skill} {action word} {outcome}
Example: “Developed a new web application in React-based, improving page load time by 30% through component optimization.”
Action word list in the harvard link I sent earlier
Required: compile a list of advanced words shouldnt be too difficult

7. Data app job game: (Hard) --
Instead of scrolling normally through jobs, swipe them instead!
makes the job search more exciting
Required: Takes a lot of front end work to make a cute little game, but its just a list under the hood (some statemanagement too)

8. Subscribe to new postings: (Hard)
can subscribe if postings you want appear (specific job)
get emailed them
Required: much more consideration involved with design 

## **Figure out some user stories**
We never got time to do this in the meeting. This was assigned for the next meeting.

## Goals Generated:
1. IMPORTANT: Think about more features and user stories.
1. front-end team should plan out the design layout
2. Database team should think about how to organize the data 
3. back-end team should think about how to scrape data from the websites
4. Start looking into github actions
5. complete git branch tutorial if not done already

## Agenda for next meeting:
1. Figure out some user stories so we can start coding.



00
add sections
- finding job postings
- employeers