# Agenda:
### Step 3: User Stories!
Discuss user stories
Create Vision Statement and summary

## **Finish User stories**
The team spent time creating user stories for the features that were defined last meeting. Some additional modifications where also done to the feature list. The cover letter and resume improvement features were merged under one category, and a new feature Job search category was created. The following is the feature list with the coorisponding user stories:

Application management
- As a job seeker, I want to be able to save the jobs I’m considering applying for so that I can prepare my application another time.
- As a new grad applying to jobs I want to be able to save listings that I like so that I can apply to them later.
- As a job seeker I would like to see the number of openings I have saved/applied for

Resume and Cover Letter Improvement
- As a person who wants to increase there vocabulary I want to use different words to stand out from other cover letters.
- As a person who is bad at writing I want to how to structure my sentence better so that I can get more interviews.
- As an applicant who is struggling to get interviews, I want to learn how to send stronger applications so that I can get a job offer.

Search jobs
- As a Front-end developer I want to be given a list of jobs that are solely front-end so that I don't have to waste time searching for them.
- As a student studying for a degree in technology, I want to find internships so that I can get work experience before I graduate from my program.
- As a developer with lots of experience with React, I want to find jobs that require React experience so that I can speed up my search for jobs with qualifications I can fulfill.
- As a developer who wants a job but cannot afford to move away from my current city, I want to find suitable jobs within my city or that are remote so that I can be employed while still staying where I currently live.
- As a programer applying to jobs I want to be able to find jobs that are applicable to my skills.

Data app job game
- As an unemployed bum I spend a lot of time doomscrolling and I want to use this skill to help me find a job.

Add Job
- As a potential employer i'd like to be able to submit applications to jobs my company is offering
- As an employed developer who checks job boards and similar sites for jobs to potentially pivot to, I want to share the jobs I find with job seekers easily so that they are aware of available opportunities.

Subscribe to new postings
- As a busy person who is looking for a job I want to be able to get notified when a job im qualified for appears so that I can apply

Job Search Community (new!)
- as a job seeker, i'd like to see who has viewed my profile to see who has interest in my skills
- As a competitive student I would like to see who has applied to postings.
- As a job seeker, I want to be able to set up a profile for others to view what my job experience is
- As an employer, I want to be able to view the profiles of potential employees and gauge their skill for my jobs
- As a co-op student I would like to be recommended jobs that match/don't match my skills from past experience
- As a person who cares about company culture, I want to learn about other's experiences with a company so I can decide whether to apply to their postings

## **Vision statement and summary**
Ty and Luke were assigned to do the summary and vision statement. Their work is listed below.

### Vision Statement
We aim to elevate emerging junior developers and recent grads to help them find work that works for them.

In a time where doubt and uncertainty are common when it comes to finding jobs, we offer support to young talent trying to break into the technology industry. Our service helps junior developers find positions by providing multiple resources to create one source of help in many important aspects of the industry.
Whether it's improving professional skills like cover letter writing, matching openings to developer qualities or building a community of support, we prioritize the relevant areas that increase success.

By providing the tools to make job finding easier and applications more likely to be accepted, we make finding a job of user interest more likely, and help employers find better candidates.
To us, success would look like wide use of our services with quantifiable improvements in application acceptances, community and employer engagement.

### Project Summary
Our product aims to provide computer science job seekers with an extensive platform that makes the job hunt easy, and even fun. The CS GetEmployed website lets users search for jobs, manage and organize their applications, get notified about new relevant job postings, showcase their prior work experience to potential employers, and leave comments on job postings or reviews for companies. CS GetEmployed also provides various tools for users to improve their writing skills in order to enhance their resumes and cover letters.

Users of CS GetEmployed are able to search for job postings that match filters that they outline, including things like the type of position, the type of employment, any specific required experience, and job location. In addition to searching for and filtering available job postings, users are able to save postings that they are interested in so that they can complete an application at a later time. Users are also able to sort their saved applications into different user-created folders. The job search is made a little more fun by providing users with a gamified interface that lets them swipe left or right to skip or save job postings they are interested in. Busier users that have less time to search for jobs can subscribe to be notified of job postings that match their experience, allowing them to save and apply for relevant jobs without needing to manually search.

CS GetEmployed is not only geared towards job seekers, but to employers as well. Our application allows the creation of profiles that allows candidates to input their past work experience which employers will be able to view, and both employers and other users have the ability to create job postings on CS GetEmployed, either for their own company or for job postings they have seen from other sources. On CS GetEmployed, job seekers are able to see which employers have viewed their profile to get a feeling for who has an interest in their skillset. In addition to user-employer interaction, we also facilitate user-user interaction by allowing our users to leave comments on job postings detailing their own experiences with the company in the posting, providing the information to users that want to learn more about a company's culture.

Finally, CS GetEmployed has writing tools like an action sentence designer, generic word detection, and a sentence power quiz that helps users better their skill in writing resumes and cover letters.


## Goals Generated
* Set up docker on computer
* check out the different teams work (data schema, front end, project report) if you havent already.
* eat chicken sandwhich on thursday.

## Agenda for next meeting:
* Discuss how we want to do our presentation.
* Go over completed project purposal.